How is this possible?
There is no difference in you
I don't know for the sake of implementation
I'll give you a chance to make amends
You ask your son to speak up and implement
Answer any questions the emperor asks truthfully
otherwise
Your Luo family has all disappeared in Jiangcheng
delist
Letter to thank the main belt
My bad son actually colluded with thieves behind my back
Killed our entire family
It's a sin to get on your knees
Answer the Queen's question well
There is a reluctant sentence
I personally peeled your skin today
I joined the Yamaguchi team six months ago
I am mainly responsible for collecting
Early morning families
And the private information of the dying elite
He helped them launder money.
You can get 15% commission
I rely on the inverse
Kneel and lick Taijun
Tell me
If you fill 10 relatives, family or right of dying
If you are expensive, please stop and pull the Governor off his horse
Let me take charge of Jinchen instead
You can believe what a thief says
What an idiot
How did I give birth to such a useless son as you?
Another Chen Hui said
Where is Takeshi Kameda?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
I've always been contacted by mobile phone.
I haven't seen him.
Who brought you in?
I used to gamble in casinos
Lost 30 million
A Wo man found me
Say I work for him
Can help me pay off this 30 million debt
What are the Japanese called?
Taro Watanabe